🎉 New Destination: Google Cloud Storage (#4784)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/destinations/gcs.md

# Google Cloud Storage

## Overview

This destination writes data to GCS bucket.

The Airbyte GCS destination allows you to sync data to cloud storage buckets. Each stream is written to its own directory under the bucket.

## Sync Mode

| Feature | Support | Notes |
| :--- | :---: | :--- |
| Full Refresh Sync | ✅ | Warning: this mode deletes all previously synced data in the configured bucket path. |
| Incremental - Append Sync | ✅ | |
| Namespaces | ❌ | Setting a specific bucket path is equivalent to having separate namespaces. |

## Configuration

| Parameter | Type | Notes |
| :--- | :---: | :--- |
| GCS Project ID | string | Project ID |
| GCS Bucket Name | string | Name of the bucket to sync data into. |
| GCS Bucket Path | string | Subdirectory under the above bucket to sync the data into. |
| GCS Region | string | See [here](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/locations) for all region codes. |
| Access Key ID | string | GCP HMAC credential. |
| Secret Access Key | string | GCP HMAC credential. |
| Format | object | Format specific configuration. See below for details. |

> ⚠️ Please note that under "Full Refresh Sync" mode, data in the configured bucket and path will be wiped out before each sync. We recommend you to provision a dedicated S3 resource for this sync to prevent unexpected data deletion from misconfiguration. ⚠️

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ Please note that under "Full Refresh Sync" mode, data in the configured bucket and path will be wiped out before each sync. We recommend you to provision a dedicated GCS bucket for this sync to prevent unexpected data deletion from misconfiguration. ⚠️
```
